winning is not simply a social or legal
contract not simply even contract
between two souls that have fallen in
love betting is beyond all these social
legal and gender attraction it is a
sacrament it is a divine law the divine
law is ordained by heaven it's a matter
of understanding the divine nature of
the female as well as the male getting
into a life contract to understand
energy of each other
it is philosophically speaking
understanding the in and the end de
Prussia and property in Sanskrit
especially for a woman marriage our
wedding ceremony itself is very very
important she plans for it and dreams
about it and celebrates it with her
friends and relatives more than a man
because it's the woman who is going to
be the nucleus of the family that's
going to be created down the road and
see is the most important person in
designing the life of the new couple
it is a saying that if a man succeeds
there is a woman behind it it is true in
our culture's it's because the woman
brings in the stability you see this
enacted even in divine weddings the
divine weddings are performed in India
between God and odorous it is celebrated
there in all the temples and people go
and participate in that the ceremony is
done similar to the ceremony of human
beings getting married and it takes
place on certain stars and certain
months the one upcoming one called the
pun denis utrom guru falcon is the star
sacred for the goddesses wedding with
the god so what's happening here is
really you are following a divine model
and this is not simply a superstition
because the goddess does exist and then
they plus the model that they have
brought into existence for organizing
the society on this earth plane and then
also making people to understand what it
is to be a male or female and what it is
to be united in order to experience his
spiritual life which is married life
married life is a spiritual life more
importantly for more practical purposes
these days of astrologically very
significant bringing the relationship
energy so participating in the wedding
of their God and the goddess is going to
bring and good luck for relationship
it's a divine sacred sacrament
hope a nurture the human beings